Hello everyone
Hey from amazon
I bought a little
It is a crossing rail
Strike
Uco to say hey I like this
It 's the first time I've been there, so I'd like to see something a bit more open
This is the main body of the rail
Especially here
It especially I'm good and does not mean is made here to the point Oh
Run in a straight line to Fu this referred to in pig order
Macro cross plane
Right
This Is What comes with this in
Is this guarantee good?
This it's publication
It is good
Let's take a look at the manual for dad
eh
To say
We
It is something
this
above
This day
I am
This becomes right and left by cutting and pasting this and this
I mean that is the vegetable garden
Well I see that
Just Maa This one that one
Hmm
Point function is Tteyuu 9
I wonder if I get to what the wind
I do not know good shoes
I 'm this fax
Well, the other I do not know translation
8 Well this say type
Ne
Nare this is keep making going to write this what it means to make good
But whether this is just cross hit normally as performance feint gar
Very good
And
Is it good here ?
It is a cream cone
It feels like this
I see
I there is a person who has been over here for love Kana such wind
Hmm
This is not this , but I feel like I can use it
I wonder what about
Anko
Point to
Do you want to see
Black Stingray Lou prima facie tomix it is that the Well
And xr 1 on 1-15 f
Oh you bought it
8 I guess this was around 1000 yen
Dates Once this length is here
Just a half of the longest straight line
You're, for example, Is the I'm a professional line is missing
I think that way
Well once again using this one yeah yeah
I would like to try doing it I thought Na or can something interesting points
Next time it is
I think I can introduce you
Thank you in advance
Well it was over crossing rail of tomix
ｰｰｰThank you